and so as to this
quadrocopter remote from X box for
flights I would recommend these things
general withdrawal would pull away
because they they are suitable more for
rooms than for the street
that is, on the street is better to fly here in
like this all this do take off here
I'll start with opens after we do
little battery right here we have
battery level as 350 milliamps and
it all closes
the maximum load which he can
raise it to about 15 grams
more you did not advise him in a man
take off so look how it was done
Typu here of course the remote requires
addictive
joystick both on xbox and sense here
round element usually acute shock
stick in the finger but here it requires
get used this button is responsible for
360 degree flips
This button how to say well, ordinary
mode that is for beginners and mode
profi
but there is a difference but not so much
that is, it still does not tilt him
very strong points
but let's see how he will take
crashes at least
I loved
calculate risks at 4 with a minus with
stretch
and so what kind of conclusion do we do
so the copter , well, let him sit his hands
comfortable if you didn't like it here
There are no sharp sticks that stick in
finger to clearly control it was but
her entrance
I think here is less than normal
glass so well remote and principle in this
small but not very familiar
as for the copter
but I recommend using this protection.
just get home to crash
fall in all and did not suffer screws for
streets and I recommend to completely remove
because with her obviously fly worse but
I recommend, of course, completely
make out with those things I do
We do not understand well, and so you can fly
principle, that means on the street vitamin
the only way is the flight characteristics but
i put it somewhere
4 minus very slow control
rudra tilt and not very strong go
so some sudden movements on it
hard to do well here is standard
battery that is, flies in time
usually there are about five to seven minutes
not charging for very long
gt well, the same standard 40 minutes
plus minus here is a good copter worth
inexpensive razmerchik he has a normal
there is such for you
far fly away it will be clear where he is
before and behind this problem of small
copter
so but for training for both
the first copter can be recommended well
plus 3 propellers
noticed
and also I don’t like it here
there is no direct rotation of the screws
comes from the engine comes through
gears but this is optional
additional costs will go and
when landing in some sand here in
the gears are clogged pebbles therefore
have to blow clean it too
negative good
from a good kopter for 40 tone with what
throw bucks wearable Sim tried
so I can recommend for primary
flight if you want something more
sizes but that's all for now